Feature - register the IAppVersion as service (#148)
arcus-azure/arcus.observability: docs/preview/features/telemetry-enrichment.md

// Output: Some event {version: v0.1.0}
```

> Or alternatively, you can choose to register the application version yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or alternatively, you can choose to register the application version so you can use it in your application as well.
```
